and entre upon your getting to start as
entre Bargnani trying to find himself as
a a player but this is a good move for
the Raptors to get him some playing time
and perhaps and confidence as the
architect of the Raptors birth Langella
will join us here in the first quarter
and he not only put together the Raptors
the Atlantic Division champions but also
the Phoenix Suns and we are underway
here in Phoenix Arizona where the Suns
are 18 and a half game here in San
Antonio for the best record in the West
Calderon Rose long bargnani and the
powerboat dunk thank you very much
exactly why Sam Mitchell had it all
planned out there Chuck nice job by
Andrea confident move to the bucket and
it cut to the rim that's Mary and one of
the more unappreciated players by some
in the NBA by himself Jeff would like to
be more appreciated by everybody all he
does is averaged a double-double every
year now Bargnani to go on the post
abolish it on the smaller married and
the turnaround jumper is good I like the
fact that I'm looking to be around the
paint that's not in it start the game
inside at the game Barbosa be : the
Brazilians blur deep from baseline to
baseline with are the fastest players in
the NBA gnashed on a switch gun about
Bosh and to go underneath to Stella
mired good fast but Parker there to
intercept with the steal are you talking
about Parker being one of the guys that
has to help the Raptors get going he
does it defensively and coming down
before taking the right shot he's got
the experience and that veteran
leadership Raptors look at the tie here
at the Forum of the bark in Phoenix on
the score Chuck Swirsky Leo Roth was a
headband berth Delfino for three
barbosa's get a jacket up again of his
inside the arc
that's a temple he's shooting 57% with
two point field goals chunk you know
I've seen this guy firsthand coached it
against him with Brazil he can light it
up in a matter of minutes he can drop 10
points on you in a blink of an eye he is
so good and you're right he doesn't just
sit outside the three-point line he
attacks the basket
he has the mid-range game and Bosh again
he's got the Mojo working inside Chris
is with 19 6 of 11 from the floor
he's tire to chuck he's got his hands on
his knees but he continues to play hard
he's fighting through Marion Barbosa
this time from the right pocket somebody
has got to pick him up you can take you
can't take your eyes off
Barbosa with 16 we're gonna have a
timeout van Hill in and out the
offensive rebound what a plane it does
Sam Mitchell rust jamario moon to get on
the class now one of the things jamario
moon can't do is allow himself not to be
abundant that's the strength of his game
so he's got to be aggressive he's get up
on every new shot every potential goober
gosh having a big night with 24 12
appoint team from the line
nice Wigan jamario moved with a three
ball that's a good answer back right
there this is early third quarter chuck
Swersky Leo Rams head then Burke on the
score Paul Graham on producer Troy Clara
director Matt will John Russell
check with Steve Nash through that pass
he saw or that next fashion Gus and
that's why he do that past ads he just
sees everything on the fall last night
Leal it was that second pass by Seattle
that burned the wrap dresses Chris Bosh
with 26
so you gotta establish that checks out
because you know what every coach is
saying every time he shoots him and they
look at the formula oh great shot that's
the way you can shoot him he can knock
it down
well the offseason there were rumors
they was headed to Utah for Andrei
Kirilenko Jose called the wrong
with his eleven point and along with
four assistant number to get an
interesting transaction Marian working
on Delfino in the crossover floats a
fast ball movement riveting style by
pickets non-penetrating - Boris Diaw Leo
knew what I'd love to see I was tucking
this Bob just 42 I wanted to get the
fifth I actually wanted to break Martin
a single-game record at 51 ironically
he's got pockets go and I know that's
the last thing that was mine isn't bear
about all that stuff but I think you
know what 1495 unless Phoenix completely
loses you know what's the 10th not going
to do and reap the vaulters Dixon with
the turnover
there's banks
Bosh's been to having 24 times 30 feet
away the rebound got a block but a
faculty tell us an incredible rebound
one-handed grab and then able to come
down and go back up
the final scale with 22 the 100 Tory's
mr. masters
we're games on West Coast director wraps
down we'll regroup and get ready for San
Antonio
despite 42f where have bylaws
go to 15